Rename beta SDKs to public preview SDKs in readme (#1867)
stripe/stripe-php: README.md

\Stripe\Stripe::setEnableTelemetry(false);
```

### Public Preview SDKs

Stripe has features in the [public preview phase](https://docs.stripe.com/release-phases) that can be accessed via the beta version of this package.
We would love for you to try these as we incrementally release new features and improve them based on your feedback.

> The public preview SDKs are just a different version of the same package and are appended with `-beta.X` such as `45.0.0-beta.1`. To install, choose the version that includes support for the preview feature you are interested in by reviewing the [releases page](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-dotnet/releases/) and then use it in the `composer require` command:

Author: ```suggestion
The public preview SDKs are a different version of the same package as the stable SDKs. These versions are appended with `-beta.X` such as `15.0.0-beta.1`. To install, choose the version that includes support for the preview feature you are interested in by reviewing the [releases page](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-dotnet/releases/) and then use it in the `composer require` command:
```

```bash
composer require stripe/stripe-php:v9.2.0-beta.1
```
You can find the latest version to use in this command from the [releases page](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-php/releases/)

> **Note**

> > There can be breaking changes between two versions of the public preview SDKs without a bump in the major version. Therefore we recommend pinning the package version to a specific version in your Gemfile. This way you can install the same version each time without breaking changes unless you are intentionally looking for the latest version of the public preview SDK.

Author: ```suggestion
> There can be breaking changes between two versions of the public preview SDKs without a bump in the major version. Therefore we recommend pinning the package version to a specific version in your composer.json file. This way you can install the same version each time without breaking changes unless you are intentionally looking for the latest version of the public preview SDK.
```

> If your beta feature requires a `Stripe-Version` header to be sent, set the `apiVersion` property of `config` object by using the function `addBetaVersion` (available only in the public preview SDKs):

Reviewer: Not related to this PR but should we also add `addBetaVersion` to StripeClient?

Author: We should
